Sisterly Bliss
[June 20th, 6:40pm] It had been a big day. Elissa had graduated from high school and had only a week to rest. Miya and Yvette were working on their own plans, and it had been a week of packing and take-out; these plans were made about as last-minute as they came. Elissa's choice to let their mothers know they had gotten into Laurier University in a 'by the way' sort of manner so close to graduation had made for possibly the most chaotic week of Elissa's life. Everything Elissa wanted to take had to go in boxes. Of course, their bedroom would not need to be emptied entirely; a bed would always be there for Elissa if they ever needed to come back to live with mom & mom. But this was poised to be Elissa's new home for the next few years at least. It had been assured that Elissa wouldn't be shooed or sent out from Ophelia's home even after graduation from postsecondary. A supportive family all around. But then it was a full day and a half on the road. Hours on end, interrupted by stopping at truck stops, then a hotel for the night, then up again at 8am to get back on the road. Occasional stops for food, to stretch, but there was a schedule to keep! It was 6:40pm when the truck finally rolled up in front of Ophelia's house. The neighbors peeked out from their curtains, but didn't pay the truck much mind. Friendly smiles and waves were exchanged with the neighbors by the two mothers. "Go on and knock on the door, Elissa," said Miya. "We'll start unloading the truck." Instructions given, ushering Elissa up to the door to knock. And when they did, a few moments of silence preceded one of the two double doors opening, revealing Ophelia. She was older now. She was mature. A full-grown adult. About half a head taller than Elissa. Ophelia's lips fell open just slightly. Her face softened. She smiled. She smiled brightly. "Oh, Elissa.." she said, her voice barely above a whisper. Then, in the next moment, Ophelia's arms were around Elissa in a tight hug.


Elissa Frost 
It was strange, the actions that had precipitated this moment were of her own hand. They were premeditated even. She had spent long and hard working to this exact moment. Yet in the last two days she had felt just as hopelessly out of control of her own life as when Ophelia had left her in the first place. Everything moved so fast, too fast for her comfort. Though in all honestly the way she had been living just a single act of adulthood was enough to see her tapped out for the day and content to spend the rest of it in quiet isolation to rest. No such luck here, she hadn't done anything strenuous, save for packing it had been two days mostly just parked on her butt even as her entire world was shifted hundreds of miles away. But it was exhausting, not for travelling but for the fact she was fe

eling cold feet. She'd felt this the moment she had gotten that letter of acceptance. From then until now as she stood on the threshold of her new life she had been desperately looking for a stay of execution. Maybe Sis would change her mind. Maybe the car would break down. Maybe the university would call up and explain that it was just a practical joke and an idiot like her wasn't fit for them... She shook her head a little and tried to steady her breathing. Why? Why was she feeling this fear? This was what she wanted, what she had wanted for years now. The single unchanging thing in a whirlwind of emotions that was growing from a young girl to a young woman. Now finally it was in her grasp, and the change was scaring her. She wanted to go back to that unhappy status quo. She knew that. Yet sh

e couldn't, she wasn't in control here. After all what could she do? Say no and have mom drive her for two days back home. Can their holiday plans, hurt everyone's feelings? Her heart was beating uncomfortably hard, and breathing felt difficult. The knock was so weak that likely nobody would have heard it. Barely tapping her knuckles against the door. Then after an intimidatingly long silence that door opened to reveal her. She wanted to say she barely recognized her sister, she was taller, more mature certainly. But even if her memories where nearly a decade removed at this point it all still lined up. She was taller and more mature then as well, if anything the difference had shrunk instead, she'd caught up to only being half a head shorter rather than just half her full stop. Her own first w

ords were not so poetically beautiful. She had thought about what she wanted to say. She'd spent years doing so. She'd literally written a script of what she wanted her first words to be. The reality however. "H-hi..." The hug took her by surprise. Even up to now she had been second guessing if she was truly welcome here. But even her darker fears had little hope when the first thing she got was a hug. One not really reciprocated that well in spite of her desire, she was stiff as a board for a good half minute or so before she slowly reached up to hold her sister's arms... Don't cry, don't cry, you're going to look stupid if you start crying... Even her own body was moving out of her control now as she pressed her face in tight and gave a squeaky cough to try and mask her loss of composure.


Sisterly Bliss
[June 20th, 6:45pm] Ophelia retreated from the hug somewhat with a look of concern on her features. She then smiled. Clear sympathy suffused her body language. She giggled briefly. "Hi yourself," said Ophelia back. One hand then moved to rest on top of Elissa's head. A few gentle strokes left and right. "Don't look so nervous. You look like you're about to have a heart attack. C'mon," she said, ushering Elissa into the home. It was clean. Smelled nice. Decently cool, which was pleasant when contrast against the mildly oppressive June heat outside. It was a hot and sunny day. Not ideal for moving heavy boxes. If no resistance was given, Elissa would then be sat on one of the couches in the living room. "I've got some stuff to chat about with mum and mom. You just take a minute for yourself, yeah? I know this is a big change for you. But we're here together, okay?" A smile. "Think about what you want for dinner!" she said, then stepped out of the front doors. Some loud cries of excited mom-ness resounded from outside as the two sisters' mothers let out years of anticipation for seeing Ophelia again in a single second that would if nothing else let all the neighbors know that they were there.


Elissa Frost
Even without a mirror she knew she didn't exactly look good. A week of barely sleeping paired with her usual reclusive nature probably made her look far more fragile than she was. Especially while trying and failing to not start crying. "I feel like I already am..." She tried her best to deliver it in deadpan, even forced a smile to let her know she wasn't being literal. The house certainly felt more modern than their parents; while it too was a lovely place, her sanctuary for so long, such a long time spent there with three people and space ever reserved for a fourth naturally led to some amount of clutter. Plus Ophelia had probably been cleaning extra hard just to make a first impression. "No, it's fine I should really..." Either way she was planted on the so

fa. Truth is much as she might want to help one look at her palms said it all. They were almost a blur for how shaky they were. This wasn't right. Ophelia wasn't some stranger, she was her sister. She'd been dying to see them in person again for years so why was she so freaked out? Taking a breath she closed her eyes and then slapped both palms to her cheeks as hard as she could... which did exactly nothing. Figures. In the end staring intently at the floor and focusing on her breathing helped more. She was still acutely aware of her surroundings. Her paranoia was being stubborn, spite of all this being done for her, in spite of the hug... and then even in spite of those happy cheers outside everyone was surely feeling as uncomfortable about this arrangement as

she was. That she had been selfish and was now intruding on her sister's life. That was not even factoring in school yet. Hell, how was she going to fake it through that? Leaning her head back she looked at the ceiling to see if it's wisdom was any better than the floor's. "I don't get it... aren't I supposed to be feeling better about this? I literally got what I wanted." She shook her head a little, bringing a hand up to dry her eyes. "...do I deserve it though?" That question scared her a little, shaking her head one last time. No, come on, be logical. Nobody would bend over backwards like this if they were against it. She repeated that logic back to herself a few times and... it helped, a little. She still felt overwhelmed but at least not in such a panic.
